fix: flutter version on github workflow (#44)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_flutter_package: brick/CHANGELOG.md

# 0.2.4

> - fix: upgrade to `flutter 3.7.3` to meet very_good_analysis requirements (requires at least `flutter 3.7.1`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix: upgrade workflow to use Flutter 3.7.3 for compatibility with Very Good Analysis
```
